security okay yo what's going on guys
have a care and we're gonna guys another
commentary made on the same day of our
comment commentary about frequent impact
leaving freako actually and um this
commentary is about a new game destined
bye Bunji Bunji made the 10-year deal as
most of you know in the last commentary
about destiny for ten years and i have
some info few guys about it so basically
i was reading on the website of on the
destiny website actually about some new
features what not i don't know i haven't
really followed it like i was posted but
i've been checking in here and there
senior things and I want to share like
two things at least ok so Bungie they
recently tweeted a new teaser for what
they are referring to as the tower the
teaser states bright hopeful and
inviting we're heroes gather to share
victorious tales and display their
trophies yes I am reading something by
the way like weapons gear and personal
space ships the tower is placed for
guardians to you group and rearm before
heading out on their next epic adventure
this teaser looks yeah then it ends
there i'm not watching the t3 while i'm
doing this all right now something very
interesting that i did open up for you
guys to read up not out of time it very
short commentary i got enough time so
here we go alright so basically i'm
saying is virtual gaming of 3d virtual
gaming is pretty much on our way for the
new consoles and then probably the near
future because i'm gonna read something
pretty cool it's called oculus rift
that's what they're calling it okay if
you if you haven't been playing to ten
if you have been paying attention sorry
to gaming tech news over the past few
months you may have seen the
announcement for the oculus rift an
optical device which attaches to the
players head and provides a deep sense
of immersion with the game itself it's
like those things that go over your eyes
when you were younger you play the
racing car game and you turn the wheel
yeah it's kind of like that but much
better what makes the oculus rift
special it is its utilization of the
stereoscopic screens which allows users
to see the game in 3d as opposed to the
usually flat screen which old old ones
did the device is huge is a huge
breakthrough from the gaming industry
and is already receiving rave reviews
sorry for the
you know reading mistakes when I'm
trying to watch the game timer and
everything make sure I don't make
anything run out of time so there's more
to it though Bungie has said they want
players to become a part of their world
their world worlds and what about that I
guess does modeling destiny world and uh
diamonds and what better way to do that
and providing virtual reality reality
support imagine traversing the moon or
flying through space in a way that makes
you feel like you are actually there I
don't think I have to tell you that
possibilities are endless yeah that's
pretty much quote from the guy doctors
rift is still in its infancy and
therefore its future in console gaming a
store knowing ideally the device will
run at 60 frames which is pretty nice
for a new device per second to ensure a
smooth picture this most likely means
that next gen consoles will provide much
better support for the device then the
current xbox 360 and ps3 hardware of
course they would come on as right now
the depth of the immersion may hinder
your playing abilities XA EK your
accuracy and vision may be hard harder
to control then on your TV although this
is increased learning curve may be a
product of not being fully accustomed to
the device in its presentation currently
it is only quit bc of course see the
Aqua disturbed in action below I'm gonna
link it I'm gonna like this whole
article for you guys to watch it it
looks like something on a video game
thing that goes on your face honestly
looks like a huge like wore masks or
something a block wore masks on anyways
sounds amazing though um which brings me
to the next topic of this debt which is
a little but of Destiny but not much st
so definitely definitely is making its
not an MMO there you know dirt moment
here they already nounced um that it's
going to not going to be a huge and more
like world warcraft or rift or something
like that um it's gonna be it's gonna be
an MMO but small of a smaller scale you
know what I mean just a small skill
there's gonna be I'm not really sure if
again
is gonna be more than one person in the
game with you work alone I like this
stuff multiplayer is going to be i think
twenty four seven almost or there's
gonna be an open world and matchmaking
as well I believe that's what they said
unless they changed it last time I
checked that's what they said um also
let's talk about the new oculus rift
possibilities with that so basically
that all that really makes me think of
his eye guys ever seen the anime show
called hacks I know any version of it
you'll see that they put on this headset
and they go on this virtual world and
they that's my dog the guys gonna be
able to start whining because sounds
outside the door and they go in this
virtual world and it's it's a really
good it's it's a nice anime I am anim
watcher I do watch anime I don't care if
you guys don't like that a lot I mean
one it means bad ass with all the action
stuff yeah so I'm pretty excited for
that for the future of gaming console
gaming in general because pc gaming is
fun at all but i don't know i just have
this like love for consoles some odd
reason you know I don't want to go on my
pc every single time to play a video
game and all that stuff you know even
though pc games i do agree with pc
gamers they do and with a equipment and
all that they do dominate in that
section of course but console gaming's
are getting there and eventually console
games are pretty much going to be pcs i
mean if you think about it again closer
and closer
honestly I think in the future pc gamers
are gonna end up going to consoles
because there's gonna make it smaller
you know what I mean unless the PCs also
unless gaming PC's also become smaller
as well so yeah by the way this game is
250 no hijack these guys were really
easy so don't like think oh you know
we're amazing and don't say anything
about they're just really and yeah so
until next Captain havoc hope you
enjoyed this leave see leave your
opinion about the oculus rift in the
comments please I like to hear it until
next time